Deprecate redis namespace (#1528)
mastodon/documentation: content/en/admin/config.md

If provided, namespaces all Redis keys. This allows the sharing of the same Redis database between different projects or Mastodon servers.

{{< hint style="warning" >}}

> This option is deprecated. Sidekiq 7+ removes support for namespaces and one day we will have to upgrade. For everyone using this option today, we will not remove this option without a migration / replacement plan. For everyone setting up a new instance, please do not use this option.

Reviewer: I guess I would try to not over-promise on this.

```suggestion
This option is deprecated. Sidekiq 7 removes support for namespaces, and so will a future version of Mastodon. We will attempt to document a clear migration path by the time that happens. If you are setting up a new instance, using this option is highly discouraged.
```

Author: I agree. At this point we do not know how exactly we will be able to support users of this option. I tried to keep it vague while reassuring users that we will not remove this silently, breaking an unknown number of instances.

Your version is better, though. Thanks!
